The CapU Blues faced a steep challenge as they headed into the CCAA National
Championship game against the top-seed and tournament favourite, the Humber Hawks.

Both teams scoreless through the first 20 minutes, Humber
had the chance to take the lead on a two-man breakaway, but Blues’ goalkeeper Hudson Nelles
made an excellent save to force the shot wide. Momentum completely shifted in favour of the
Blues when two Hawks athletes were shown red-cards in the 30th and 37th minutes of play,
giving the Blues a two-man advantage for the entire second half.

Despite the Hawks’ two men disadvantage, excellent play by their goalkeeper and defense
limited the Blues scoring opportunities. Scoreless after 90 minutes of play, the match headed to
extra time. After a couple of fantastic saves by the Humber goalkeeper, the game remained
scoreless after 120 minutes of play and the national champion would be decided by penalty
kicks.

For the Blues, Nicolas Morello, Kamyar Amini and Lucien Kessler all converted their penalty
kicks. With Humber leading 4-3, Andres Romo missed his attempt and the Hawks were able to
convert their final shot to win 5-3 on penalty kicks.

The CCAA all-star committee recognized three CapU athletes for their excellent play at the
national championships and named them to the tournament all-star team, Bruno Fieri-Marinho,
Kamyar Amini and All-Canadian Kristian Yli-Hietanen.

Head coach Paul Dailly commented after the game, “It was too bad… we let it go to PK’s and
really it’s a 50-50 chance. It was a tough game, we knew we were in tough against an
experienced Humber team and we just couldn’t breakthrough.”

Although it was not the result Dailly hoped for, he feels extremely proud of his team and their
performance, “The guys have nothing to hang their head about especially after a lousy start to
the PACWEST season. We basically ran the table in October and went 2-1 at nationals. Anytime
you win a silver at nationals, there is nothing to be ashamed of.”
The CapU Blues capped off a great season with a CCAA National Championship silver medal
after entering the tournament as the third-seeded team.